I&#8217;m sure we&#8217;re all aware of the number of posts made in 2016 along the lines of &#8220;Racist racist Facebooks racistly.&#8221; that News24 and Numerous other sites have posted (Ourselves included&#8230; sorry).However, with the start of 2017, South Africans have stood together and that enough is enough. All these posts have done have propagate division between the different racial groups in South Africa (again&#8230; sorry.)Numerous comments have called out News24 in particular for their posts.Excerpt from GoodThingsGuyJulian Pillay posted: It s so great to see everyone is actually against this article! Start of 2016 was already a rollercoaster, we DONT need this in 2017! Stop dividing our beloved country! Irnest Schultz added: Thank all of you posting a positive attitude against this idiots racist slurr. You are truly better than that idiot. That said, I have been saying this for a while now, the journalism at news24 is shockingly horrific these days. If they do not write absolute non relative articles, they write some crap to cause controversy. Melanie Pretorius said: I read the comments and most of them are so positive and condemn news 24 for promoting hate. I am proudly south african today. Happy new year my brothers and sisters. Oscar Vhakido Munyadziwa commented: So why are you publishing it. To make them famous or to create futhur racial divisions? What s up with media; politicians and Zuma. Always a thorn on our butts!! Dalton McSarcasm Oepeng added: The best response would have been to ignore his prejudiced verbal flatulence. U give it publicity it grows wings to fly. Treat it like fire u starve it of oxygen and it fizzles out and die! Thato Naomi Nyathela posted: News24 we are still celebrating our Black sisters and brothers whom against all odds passed their matric we don t need any negativity from dumb people like this racist. you just couldn t wait to spoil our happiness. post more positive news about the results Mxolisi Lott Ngwenya added: This news24 is also racist I m sure they are working for ANC, we won t be divided as a rainbow nations if that s what you want stupid journalist Viola Malan commented: News 24 so you go trolling on every fb page and see what you can get to rev up the peoples moods. If we dont know it by know we will never know. You get racists in every color. And i am not taking side here. We are 5 days into the New Year. And now this again!!! Stop using this sh!t to divide people and start a stir!!! Is there absolutely no good news for a day!!! Good on you South Africans, for saying what needs to be said, and hopefully promoting a change in what kind of news gets received.Source: GoodThingsGuy